---
layout: post
title:  Kramdown
date:   2021-04-25 13:32:20 +0800
description: Kramdown Writing Guide - Version 2.4.0 - released on 2022/04/25.
img: naterra.png
tags: [References]
---

Kramdown has two main classes of elements: block and span-level elements. Block-level elements are used to create paragraphs, headers, lists and so on whereas span-level elements are used to markup text phrases as emphasized, as a link and so on.

# H1 header

## H2 header

### H3 header

#### H4 header

##### H5 header

###### H6 header

> A sample blockquote.
>
> >Nested blockquotes are
> >also possible.
>
> ## Headers work too
> This is the outer quote again.


This is a sample code block.

    Continued here.

~~~~~~
This is also a code block.
~~~
Ending lines must have at least as
many tildes as the starting line.
~~~~~~~~~~~~


~~~ ruby
def what?
  42
end
~~~


* * *

---

  _  _  _  _

---------------

1. This is a list item
2. And another item
2. And the third one
   with additional text

* A list item
with additional text


1.  This is a list item

    > with a blockquote

    # And a header

2.  Followed by another item


1. Item one
   1. sub item one
   2. sub item two
   3. sub item three
2. Item two


This is a paragraph.
1. This is NOT a list.

1. This is a list!


* Item one
+ Item two
- Item three

term
: definition
: another definition

another term
and another term
: and a definition for the term


term

: definition
: definition


This *is* a term

: This will be a para

  > a blockquote

  # A header

| A simple | table |
| with multiple | lines|


| Header1 | Header2 | Header3 |
|:--------|:-------:|--------:|
| cell1   | cell2   | cell3   |
| cell4   | cell5   | cell6   |
|----
| cell1   | cell2   | cell3   |
| cell4   | cell5   | cell6   |
|=====
| Foot1   | Foot2   | Foot3
{: rules="groups"}


<div style="float: right">
Something that stays right and is not wrapped in a para.
</div>

{::options parse_block_html="true" /}

<div>
This is wrapped in a para.
</div>
<p>
This can contain only *span* level elements.
</p>


> A nice blockquote
{: title="Blockquote title"}


> A nice blockquote
{: .class1 .class2}

> A nice blockquote
{: #with-an-id}

{:refdef: .c1 #id .c2 title="title"}
paragraph
{: refdef}

{:refdef: .c1 #id .c2 title="title"}
paragraph
{: refdef .c3 title="t" #para}

Extensions can also be used
inline {::nomarkdown}**see**{:/}!

{::options auto_ids="false" /}

# Header without id


This is *emphasized*,
_this_ too!


This is **strong**,
__this__ too!


This w**ork**s as expected!

A [link](http://kramdown.gettalong.org)
to the kramdown homepage.


A [link](http://kramdown.gettalong.org "hp")
to the homepage.


A [link][kramdown hp]
to the homepage.

[kramdown hp]: http://kramdown.gettalong.org "hp"


Use `Kramdown::Document.new(text).to_html`
to convert the `text` in kramdown
syntax to HTML.


Use backticks to markup code,
e.g. `` `code` ``.

This is a text with a
footnote[^1].

[^1]: And here is the definition.


This is a text with a
footnote[^2].

[^2]:
    And here is the definition.

    > With a quote!


This is an HTML
example.

*[HTML]: Hyper Text Markup Language


This is <span style="color: red">written in
red</span>.


This is *red*{: style="color: red"}.
